docs(zh-CN): add References -> Users -> Profile -> All attributes (#110)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/references/users/README.md

:::note

> - **Unique**: Ensures the [uniqueness](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Unique_key#:~:text=uniqueness%20constraint) of the values entered into an attribute of a DB table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unique**: Ensures the [uniqueness](https://www.postgresql.org/docs/current/ddl-constraints.html#DDL-CONSTRAINTS-UNIQUE-CONSTRAINTS) of the values entered into an attribute of a database table.
```

1. `#:~:text=uniqueness%20constraint` is a browser feature and unstable
2. since we're using Postgres, just link the Postgres docs is fine

> - **Required**: Ensures that the values entered an attribute of a DB table can NOT be NULL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Required**: Ensures that the values entered an attribute of a database table can NOT be `NULL`.
```

  "primaryEmail": null,
  "primaryPhone": null,
  "name": "John Joe",

>   "avatar": "https://logto.dev/console/avatar-003.8dde785f.png",

Reviewer: missing this?
